Add Okta configuration note (#213)
temporalio/web: README.md

      - `profile` for name
      - `email` for email

>   ---
>   **NOTE**
> 
>   For some providers, such as Okta, it is suggested to provide the full URL to the openid-configuration as part of the `issuer` parameter:
> 
>       ```yaml
>       auth:
>         enabled: true
>         providers:
>             - label: 'okta dev'
>               type: oidc
>               issuer: https://dev-xxxxxxx.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration
>               ...
>     ```
> 
>   ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary>
Troubleshooting note for Okta users:
</summary>

Some providers like Okta, have a race condition that may cause logins to occasionally fail. YOu can get around this by providing the full URL to the `openid-configuration` path as part of the `issuer` parameter:

      ```yaml
      auth:
        enabled: true
        providers:
            - label: 'okta dev'
              type: oidc
              issuer: https://dev-xxxxxxx.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration
              ...
    ```

</details>
```
